## Black Hole Audio Visualizer

your hosting link e.g. http://a4-charlieroberts.glitch.me

This project is a 2d audio visualizer that uses a predetermined mp3 file to display a circular representation of the frequencies within my chosen song. The program uses the bin values to determine the height of the relative rectangles displayed tanget to the circumference of the circle. The implementation of this concept is started at the bottom of the displayed circle on the screen, with larger frequencies going clockwise around the circle. Rendering these rectangles gives a spinning illusion to the user. The user is allowed to "play" with the resultant visualizer with combinations of brightness, bar size, circle size, and line Width. Each of the sliders present on the page has instructios defined at the top of the webpage. A user may pause and play the song until it has finished, at which point the user may have to refresh the page in order to continue playing with the visualization. Note: Refreshing will not keep the visual on the screen and will instead revert back to the original settings. The goal for this project was to create an application that was able to visualize music and sounds with a song in a way that was appealing to the eye. It was somewhat challenging to implement the angled bars on the circle as they were staying vertical rather than adjusting according to an angle variable. It was also challenging to be sure if my program was working correctly as there is usually a larger portion of the frequencies in the bottom right of the screen. I reduced the bin size and also aquired a file with a very high frequency to see if there was still a lot of lower frequencies, and there was not. Overall I am happy with the results of my 2d visualizer and look forward to dynamically accept mp3 files and see how they compare to my small sample size. 
